engine: add smart redirect to versioned content (#1655)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/get-started/pages/release-notes/redpanda.adoc

See xref:manage:tiered-storage.adoc#remote-read-replicas[Remote Read Replicas] for setup instructions and configuration details.

== Greedy leader balancer mode

> Redpanda {page-component-version} introduces a new `greedy` mode for the xref:reference:properties/cluster-properties.adoc#leader_balancer_mode[`leader_balancer_mode`] property. This topic-aware strategy pre-calculates the entire target leader distribution before making moves, ensuring each topic is independently balanced across all brokers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 26.1.2 introduces a new `greedy` mode for the xref:reference:properties/cluster-properties.adoc#leader_balancer_mode[`leader_balancer_mode`] property. This topic-aware strategy pre-calculates the entire target leader distribution before making moves, ensuring each topic is independently balanced across all brokers.
```

Unlike the default `calibrated` mode (which adaptively samples and prioritizes high-impact moves), `greedy` mode produces deterministic, reproducible results given the same input state. This makes it ideal for:

* **Benchmarking**: Eliminates noise from non-deterministic leader placement across test runs
* **Predictable environments**: When you need consistent leader distribution after cluster operations

> Note that `greedy` mode may move more leaders than other modes to reach its target state, as it optimizes for the final distribution rather than minimizing the number of moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
